[1950s movie music]
[Puppies yelping]
BRIAN: Excedrin headache number one.
Puppy mill.
Damn.
Does anyone here have thumbs?
Anyone? No.
Sorry. I don't play.
Come on. Knock it off.
How's the flow today?
[Brian protesting]
Mom! Do something! Mom, help!
BRIAN: And that was the last time
I ever saw her.
I think we've stumbled on
the root of your problems.
You have abandonment issues.
You need to confront your mother
and deal with this.
Are you crazy?
For God's sake, my eyes were barely open,
and she just gave me away.
Well, it's her loss, right?
Yeah. I turned out great, huh?
Am I right? Yeah!
You bet your ass I'm right!
You want to arm wrestle?
Come on! Right now!
Brian, have you been drinking?
No.
Brian, you really seem to be enjoying
your wine lately.
It's only my second glass.
Dad, if bad men broke into the house,
and they had guns...
...and they put a gun up to your head,
and made you choose...
...who you wanted to live, me or Meg,
who would you choose?
Ask your mom.
I'm not very good with tough decisions.
BOY ON P.A.:
We'll be closing in two minutes.
[Crying]
I could never choose.
I love all my children equally.
It's hard enough having Stewie
all the way in Palm Springs...
...visiting Grammy and Grandpa.
Give Nana a big hug, sweetheart.
STEWIE: That should guarantee some
after-dinner entertainment.
Lois, I was thinking.
Why don't I fly out to Palm Springs
and pick up Stewie?
Really?
A trip like this is what I need
to clear my head.
That would be wonderful.
It'll give me time
to catch up on my reading.
Usually there are so many distractions.
[Gunshot]
[Fly buzzing]
Come into my home, will ya?
I'll show you, you bastards.
NANA: Stewie, gather your things.
Time to go.
It's about bloody time!
That idiot slattern sent the dog?
Well, this is....
Don't even get me started!
I mean, really!
When I think of the times
that that woman has....
I won't even begin to--
BRIAN: Can we go?
STEWIE: Fine.
[Cheery instrumental music]
Peter, guess what I just got?
A relationship video.
The infomercial said this tape will
help us communicate better as a couple.
When have we ever
had trouble communicating?
LOIS: Oh, Peter. I love you.
PETER: Yeah, about a quarter past 5:00.
Okay, Lois. I'll make you a deal.
We'll watch the tape,
but you've got to do something for me.
Okay. What?
Do that Katherine Hepburn
impression for me.
And Philadelphia Story Hepburn.
None of that head-on-a-slinky
Golden Pond stuff.
[Cheery instrumental music]
Aren't you young to be traveling alone?
Aren't you a little old
to be wearing braces?
I think you've had about enough.
[Slurring] I think you're wrong, you
increasingly attractive-looking woman.
-You're really pretty.
-Stop.
No. I'm serious.
You could be in magazines. You could!
And not just like Jugs or Creamsicle.
Call me! She won't call.
Here's a pleasant sight.
Cirrhosis the Wonder Dog.
I'm not drunk. All right?
I just have a speech impediment.
[Vomiting]
And a stomach virus.
And an inner-ear infection.
INTERCOM: Flight 85 to Providence.
Final boarding.
Oh, at last!
Yes. Come now. Chase the stick.
Where are the bags?
What the deuce do you mean?
They're right....
Rupert! I told you to watch the bags!
You were watching the boys again.
It's that steward, isn't it?
The one who looks like Tab Hunter!
Oh, forget it!
Let's just get on the plane and go home!
Our tickets were in the bags!
INTERCOM: Flight 85 to Providence
is now departing.
That's not going to stop me!
[Shouting]
That was my plan. Where's yours?
[Cheery instrumental music]
Oh, my God! All right,
let's not dilly-dally.
Phone Lois,
have her wire us some money...
...and let's get the hell out of here.
[Drunken stammering]
Oh, that's pretty.
Hello, operator?
God, that's right.
You have to punch in
the numbers nowadays.
I should know this. Yes. 867-5309.
That's it. No, wait. That's not it!
Damn you, Tommy Tutone!
There's only one thing to do.
111-1111. Lois? Damn!
111-1112. Lois? Damn!
111-1113....
"A Way With Words In Marriage for
Couples Who Communicate Not Good."
Come on, Lois.
This is gonna be worse than that time...
...we had to sit through
your Uncle Jerry's snuff film.
Are they really gonna kill that girl?
Peter, please!
People are trying to watch.
Just give it a chance.
Hello. I'm Dr. Amanda Rebecca.
By purchasing this video,
you've taken the first step towards...
...strengthening your relationship
through better communication.
I'd like to start by asking the women
to leave the room because...
...this part of the tape is for men only.
We'll see you in a little while.
I can see this is gonna be very intense.
How fun!
Make sure your wife is out of the room.
[Sexy music plays]
So, do you want to talk,
or do you want me to take my top off?
That's what I thought.
Oh, man. You're making me so hot!
I hope you like big breasts,
because mine are so big...
...this itty bra can barely contain them.
REBECCA: Do you want to see more?
PETER: Yes, please.
Then you'll have to order my next tape.
THUG 1: You got the stuff?
THUG 2: Yeah. I've got it. Where's
the money? I wanna see the money.
THUG 1: No. You don't see the money
until I see the stuff.
There's only one way
to put an end to this nuisance.
He's wearing a wire!
THUG 1: What? You son of a....
[Gunfire]
[Body drops]
[Stewie yawns]
[Cheery instrumental music]
That's it, Mr. Giraffe.
Get all the marmalade.
[Phone rings]
Hello?
Damn it to pus-spewing, blood-gutted hell!
What?
What do you mean,
our credit card was declined?
No, there's no need to come up. We'll....
Blast!
Damn it!
Come on, you! Get up!
Go for a ride in the car?
Blast! A penny!
Wake up!
What? Oh, my head!
Oh, God. What are we doing here?
We needed a weekend away from the kids.
Just us.
We have to get the hell out of here!
MANAGER: Manager! Open up, orI'll
hit you with this blunt
instrument I use...
...to hit deadbeats with bad credit cards!
Well, it's not an instrument!
It's more of an object! But it's blunt!
Hard and blunt!
And it's kind of like a bat!
I found it out back one day
when I was raking!
Let's go!
STEWIE: All right, we need some wheels.
BRIAN: This one's unlocked.
An SUV?
Look, we're trying to elude someone.
We're not driving to soccer practice.
Let's take this one.
-You like that color?
-What's wrong with it?
-I don't know. It's just so dark.
-Well, yes. But it doesn't show dirt.
-What?
-It doesn't show dirt.
I guess.
This is the first place we've gone to.
Perhaps we should try another lot.
[Door smashing]
Sold!
-Go on. Hot-wire it!
-Hot-wire? I don't even pump my gas!
Oh, for God's sake!
Hurry up!
[Radio plays]
You did it!
Wait. Put it back. I like that song.
[Adventurous instrumental music]
Montgomery Clift who was in From
Here to Eternity with Burt Lancaster...
...who was in Atlantic City
with Susan Sarandon...
...who was in White Palace
with Kevin Bacon. There.
Nice. Except that was James Spader
in White Palace. Moron.
Mr. Snippy.
I just need some time to think.
All right?
Yes. You've got lots to think about,
haven't you?
Public drunkenness, grand-theft auto.
You forgot where you smash your head
on the windshield.
I don't recall....
[Brakes screech]
Yes, well,
I suppose I walked right into that one.
[Phone ringing]
Hello?
-Lois. Hi, it's Brian.
-Let me talk to her!
Brian!
We were just on our way to the airport.
Is everything okay?
Yeah. Everything's fine.
Stewie and I traded in our plane tickets
for train tickets.
Yeah. Apparently you can do that.
Give me the damn phone!
He's sound asleep.
But I'll give him a kiss for you.
-You suck!
-See you in three days.
[Brian sighs]
Let's go.
[Police radio chatter]
Crap. We gotta disappear. And quick!
Maybe we should've jumped on that truck.
Stewie and Brian are taking a train home.
Can we not talk about curtains
for two seconds?
I got another one of those
relationship tapes.
$49.95? That's three times as much
as the first one.
PETER: Lois, our relationship
cannot be measured in nipples and dimes.
I mean, nickels and boobs.
Money. I'll be upstairs.
LOIS: Peter, why are you so--
Get out! This is a part just for the men!
STEWIE: I say, there's a plane.
BRIAN: Yeah. If there's a plane,
there's probably a pilot.
And if there's a pilot,
there must be a bar!
I can finally get a drink!
I don't trust you.
You put your seed in my daughter's belly.
You're fired!
But, Pa, you can't fire me!
You're lucky you're my brother, too,
or I'd kill you!
BRIAN: Excuse me, sir.
I'm an experienced crop-dusting pilot.
You can trust us completely.
My friend is too young
to put a seed in your daughter's belly.
And I'm of a different species.
You're hired.
[Propeller starting]
STEWIE: Will your face be red
when they find the black box on this one.
So really saturate the soil twice a day.
That's why my tomatoes haven't
been coming in.
[Speaking Spanish]
Let's see.
Hey, that was pretty good.
But when you said, "Me llamoes Brian,"
you don't need the "es."
Just "Me llamo Brian."
You speak English.
Just that first speech.
And this one explaining it.
-You're kidding, right?
-Qué?
[Speaking Spanish]
Why the hell did we get off here?
My mother lives in Austin.
Don't you see?
Fate's brought me back here for a reason.
I have to find
and make peace with my mother.
So she's in Austin? Eight miles that way?
Yes.
All right. So instead of driving
down this sun-parched highway...
...we've now got to walk?
Pretty much. Yeah.
STEWIE: You know what this means?
BRIAN: Yeah.
[Bird calls]
I say, walk slower, dog!
My Huggies are already holed up
in Box Canyon.
[Sweet instrumental music]
[Puppies yelping]
BRIAN: Hello, Luke.
LUKE: Have we met?
My name's Brian. I was born here.
Sorry, son, lots of dogs have been
born here. Refresh my memory.
-Which one were you again?
-I was the one who could talk.
Brian! Come on in!
Betty! Look who it is!
Is that Brian?
And you brought a little friend.
I bet you're a hungry little fella.
Yes, and I'll bet you lost your virginity
to a mechanical bull! Now change me!
Look, I've been thinking a lot
about my mother lately, and--
She was a good dog.
"Was"? You mean--
Last year. She went real peaceful.
[Sighs]
She probably wouldn't have wanted
to see me anyway.
That's not true!
Biscuit loved all her puppies!
Biscuit!
Brian, your mama gave you up
because she thought...
...you'd have a better life
if she let you go.
Was she right, son?
Do you have a good life?
Yeah. I really do. I have a great life.
-Would you like to see her?
-See her? I don't understand.
We loved Biscuit so much
we wanted to keep her with us always...
...so we had her stuffed!
[Eerie instrumental music]
Mom!
I say! Someone must've said a funny,
because your mother's in stitches!
I'll leave you to grieve.
Come on, Betty, why don't we
get these fellas some sandwiches?
Look at Jesus standing over there
all by himself.
You'd think those bulldogs would
invite him to their card game.
You deserve better than this, Mom.
This is actually a rather elegant solution
for my problem of what to do with Lois.
Shut up and help me.
I'm not leaving her like this.
Oh, relax. The old girl doesn't have too
much to wag about these days anyway.
Hey, Meg, try and guess
the word I'm thinking of right now.
And it's not "kitty."
-"Car."
-No.
-I don't know. "Apple"?
-No. Give up?
-Yeah.
-It was "kitty"!
-Peter, isn't that--
-My God! The new video! Life is sweet!
How about some whipped cream?
That's always good.
REBECCA: And some cinnamon.
That's good, too!
REBECCA: And then, guess what?
I'm going to add....
Jeez. If she says Mrs. Dash,
I'm gonna lose it.
REBECCA: We're going to add....
Peter!
I know what you've been doing here.
And I'm very upset with you.
Wow. Usually beautiful women don't
turn back into you until
after I'm finished.
These tapes are about communication.
If you wanted to see a woman
acting nasty...
...you should've told me.
This is hot!
LOIS: Turn around.
Lois! This is not what it looks like!
She means nothing to me!
-Peter, it's okay.
-Yeah?
I was trying to be sexy for you.
Come here, you.
You should've told me....
I'm gonna get directions
to the nearest park...
...so we can give my mother
a proper burial.
Come on, darling. Stiff upper lip.
I'm writing that one down.
-Say something.
-What?
-Just say something, please!
-For God's sake!
"Yea, and God said to Abraham,
'You will kill your son Isaac.'
"And Abraham said:
"'I can't hear you.
You'll have to speak into the microphone.'
"And God said, 'I'm sorry.
Is this better? Check, check, check.
"'Jerry, pull the high end out,
I'm getting some hiss back here.'"
Say something about my mother!
Yes. I'm sorry.
I never knew Biscuit as a dog.
But I did know her as a table.
She was sturdy.
All four legs the same length--
Thanks. That's enough.
Yes. Requiem and Terra Pax, and so forth.
Amen.
[Sentimental instrumental music]
Look at all those stars.
I've read that starlight gives you cancer.
But then again, what doesn't these days?
Listen, there's something
I've been meaning to tell you.
It's not easy for me to say.
Oh, God! You're not coming out
of the closet, are you?
Why does everyone
always come out to me?
I just wanted to thank you
for everything you did today.
I know this whole trip has been a mess.
It hasn't been all bad.
I must admit, there have been moments
that were, dare I say, fun.
[Singing]
"We're off on the road to Rhode Island
"We're having the time of our lives"
Take it, Dog!
"We're quite a pair of partners,
just like Thelma and Louise
"'Cept you're not six feet tall
"Yes, and your breasts
don't reach your knees"
Give it time.
"We're off on the road to Rhode Island
"We're certainly going in style
"I'm with an intellectual
who craps inside his pants"
How dare you!
"At least I don't leave urine stains
on all the household plants"
Oh, pee jokes.
"We've traveled a bit, and we've found
"like a masochist in Newport,
we're Rhode Island bound"
-Crazy travel conditions, huh?
-First class and no class.
Whoa, careful with that joke.
It's an antique.
"We're off on the road to Rhode Island
"We're not gonna stop till we're there"
Maybe for a beer.
"Whatever dangers we may face,
we'll never fear or cry"
That's right.
"Until we're syndicated,
Fox will never let us die, please?
"We're off on the road to Rhode Island
"The home of that old campus swing
"We may pick up some college girls
and picnic on the grass
"We'd tell you more,
but we would have the censors on our ass"
Yikes!
"We certainly do get around
"Like renegade Pilgrims
who were thrown out of Plymouth Colony
"we're Rhode Island bound
"Or like two college freshmen
who were rejected by Harvard
"and forced to go to Brown
"we're Rhode Island bound"
Look who I found at the train station!
My baby! Mommy missed you so much!
Yes. God forbid you should've put
a little eyeliner on for my homecoming.
Did you have a nice trip with Brian?
Yes. Smooth sailing through calm seas.
Kid, listen, thanks for
not ratting me out.
Is there anything I can
do to pay you back?
Yes. You remember that episode
of The Brady Bunch where...
...Bobby saved Greg's life
and Greg became his slave?
Yeah.
It's on this afternoon.
You can tape it for me.
And put a nice label on it.
CHRIS: Okay, Meg,
I'm thinking of another word.
This time it's definitely not "kitty."
-Can you guess what it is?
-Is it "kitty"?
Get out of my head!
[Theme music]